feat: add how to reduce memory usage while building (#356)
autowarefoundation/autoware-documentation: docs/support/troubleshooting.md

MAKEFLAGS="-j4" colcon build --symlink-install --cmake-args -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Release
```

> You can adjust `-j4` to any number based on your system. Please see [manual page of GNU make](https://www.gnu.org/software/make/manual/make.html#Parallel-Disable) for details.

Reviewer: [style]

```suggestion
You can adjust `-j4` to any number based on your system.
For more details, see the [manual page of GNU make](https://www.gnu.org/software/make/manual/make.html#Parallel-Disable).
```

Author: @kenji-miyake 
Thanks a lot!

> By reducing the number of packages built in parallel, you can also reduce the amount of memory used. In the following example, the number of packages built in parallel is set to 1, and the number of jobs used by `make` is limited to 1.

Reviewer: [style]

```suggestion
By reducing the number of packages built in parallel, you can also reduce the amount of memory used.
In the following example, the number of packages built in parallel is set to 1, and the number of jobs used by `make` is limited to 1.
```

```

You can adjust `-j4` to any number based on your system.
For more details, see the [manual page of GNU make](https://www.gnu.org/software/make/manual/make.html#Parallel-Disable).

By reducing the number of packages built in parallel, you can also reduce the amount of memory used.
In the following example, the number of packages built in parallel is set to 1, and the number of jobs used by `make` is limited to 1.

```bash
MAKEFLAGS="-j1" colcon build --symlink-install --cmake-args -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Release --parallel-workers 1

> ```

Author: @kenji-miyake 
Thank you for your comment.
I added note in https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware-documentation/pull/356/commits/dbc08ffb23b1b8a49f5563c2b4e25129010ac15a
